Privacy Statement
Shenzhen Green Orange Wireless Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Green Orange Wireless) attaches great importance to the protection of your personal privacy. Sometimes we need certain information to provide you with the service you requested. This privacy statement explains the data in these cases Collection and usage.
　　 This privacy statement applies to all related services of Green Orange Wireless. With the expansion of the service scope of Green Orange Wireless, the content of the privacy statement can be updated by Green Orange Wireless at any time without prior notice. Once the updated privacy statement is published on the web page, it will effectively replace the original privacy statement.

What information do we collect
　　 Normally, you can access Green Orange Wireless and obtain information in an anonymous state. When we need personal information that can identify you or can contact you, we will ask for your consent. Generally, when you register for Green Orange Wireless or apply for new features, we may collect this information: name, email address, address and phone number, and ask for your confirmation.
Personal information about you
　　 Green Orange Wireless strictly protects the security of your personal information. We use various security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.　　Qing Orange Wireless will disclose your personal information if required by law or in accordance with the relevant service terms of Qing Orange Wireless and the software license agreement, or there are good reasons to believe that it must be done in order to:
(a) To meet the express provisions of laws or administrative regulations, or to comply with the legal procedures applicable to Shenzhen Qingcheng Wireless Technology Co., Ltd.;

(b) Conforms to the relevant service terms of Green Orange Wireless and the software license agreement;

(c) Protect the rights or property of Green Orange Wireless

(d) Protect the personal safety of Green Orange wireless employees, users of Green Orange wireless products or services, or the public in an emergency.

Green Orange Wireless will not share this information with third parties without your permission, except for the above situations already listed in this statement.

Use of cookies
　　Using cookies can help you personalize your online experience. You can accept or reject cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to reject cookies according to your needs.
　　 Green Orange Wireless sometimes uses cookies to know which websites are popular, so that you can get better service when you visit Green Orange Wireless. Cookies do not track personal information.　　When you register for Green Orange Wireless, Green Orange Wireless will also be used

Cookie. In this case, Green Orange Wireless will collect and store useful information. When you access Green Orange Wireless again, we can recognize your identity. Cookies from Green Orange Wireless can only be read by Green Orange Wireless.

　　If your browser is set to reject cookies, you can still access most of the web pages of Green Orange Wireless.

About disclaimer
　　 Qing Orange Wireless does not assume any legal responsibility for the following related matters:
　　　* Any leakage of personal information caused by you telling the user's password or sharing the registered account with others, or other personal information not caused by Qingcheng wireless;

　　　* Green Orange Wireless provides your personal information in accordance with legal regulations or relevant government policy requirements;

　　　* Any third party uses your personal information in accordance with the circumstances listed in the various service terms and statements of Green Orange Wireless, resulting in disputes;

　　　* Any temporary website shutdown due to hacker attacks, computer virus intrusion or government control;

　　　* Any consequence caused by force majeure;

　　　* Green Orange Wireless uses the usage methods or exemptions listed in each service clause and statement.

App Technical Support Email: qcwireless@qcwireles.cn
